# To-Do-List

This is my to do app! Type a task that you want to complete and click the add task button. A pop up message will ask if you want to set a designated time. If you choose no, the task will be added. If you select yes, you will have to set a time. Once a time is set, the task will be added with a time. You can click on the task, which will show the task being crossed out. Or you can click on the "x" next to the task to delete it. You can also click on the standard/military button, which will switch the task time to standard or millitary time. 

Creating the standard/military button was arguably the most challenging part of this project that I was determined to learn on my own. And i'm glad to say I was able to come up with the logic without any outside help. Also the first time I used local storage, I only used one key. For this project I was gonna need two keys. One to save the tasks in, and the other to save the type of time the user last saved. This for whatever reason, created all types of problems for me. But I was able to overcome it. 

Even though I was working with local storage, the functions that mainly have to do with the tasks itself, was quite simple and easy to create. However, the other aspects of the tasks made things more complicated. Things such as, the task being "checked" or not, the time, and weather the time was standard, or millitary meant I had to keep track of all of it and piece things back together when displaying them to the page. There was also a lot more math/logic that needed to be addressed when flipping back and forth between standard and millitary time. Regardless, I was able to come up with the logic needed to create this project. There is much more I want to add to this project, such as being able to add a description, using an alert feauture, and customization over the aesthetics of the app. 
